{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red128\green128\blue0;\red0\green77\blue187;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\b\f0\fs22\lang9 ACLG Tutorial Planning\ulnone\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b "Booting Up..."\par
"Establishing local connection..."\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc (NOTE: The below script will be in the middle of the screen)\par
(NOTE: When an incorrect skill is typed, do not show prompt, this will prevent game feed flooding. - do we do this throughout the game?)\cf1\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Angus:\cf0\par
\i "Ah, you're alive! Finally! Gosh that took a while...."\par
"Anyway, Hello Friend! I'm Angus."\par
"Welcome to... The Backend!"\par
"Th-the Backend is errr, it's what we sorta' call this pla - look anyway..."\par
"We're under a great deal of pressure mate, we need to get you up to scratch with the rest of the low-level bots we have working around here."\par
"You have some functionality commands installed inside you by yours truely, so we gotta test em' out, sound good?"\par
"I'll assume you're fine with that, let's get you started!"\par
"Aaaaaactually, one last thing..."\par
"About those functionality commands..."\par
"Kinda need you use them over and over again, just until I think you've mastered it."\par
"You'll get the picture. Right, let's get you started."\par
\i0\par
\b "Awaiting response from Game Feed..."\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\i *User is show command area and game feed area*\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 "Okay, so this is your Game Feed." \par
"And just below, is where you'll type your commands."\par
"I've plugged myself into the Game Feed so I can help you along the way."\par
"Hmm, let's get you using some very basic functions then..."\par
"I want you to clear the Game Feed, to do that, type "cls"."\par
\i0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\i *User types "cls"*\par
*Clear Game Feed*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\i0 "Nice one!"\par
\cf2\highlight3 "[TIP]: Commands are case-sensitive."        \cf0\highlight0\par
"Ahh, that there was a random Tip." \par
"In this case, not so random, but throughout your time, I'll give you a few random tips whenever.\par
"Let me introduce you to the skills we'll need you to work on..."\par
"But first, can you clear the Game Feed again? Remember, type "cls""\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b *User types "cls"*\par
*Load up side UI with Skills on the right*\b0\par
\b *Introduce Attack Skill*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight4\b0 "Ah, the Attack skill. My personal favourite."\par
"This gives you a chance to DoS our dummy machines, or myself in fact - "\par
"- to see if you have the potential of slowing or shutting it down."\par
"Go on, give it a shot on me, just type "attack-angus""\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b *User types "attack-angus"*\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Pinging xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx with 6500 bytes of data\par
"Request timed out" \cf1 x3\cf0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc *End of Loop* (10.101.104.126)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 "Hmm, that was expected to be honest,  but good effort."\par
"Whenever you want to work on your attack skill, remember, it's just "attack-angus""\par
"Now, clear the game feed and we'll move on, just type "cls""\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\highlight0\b *User types "cls"*\highlight4\par
\highlight0 *Introduce Networking Skill*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight5\b0 "Ah Networking, a classic!"\par
"This one simply tests your ability of sending bytes of data, to ME!"\par
"Shall we give it a go? Just type "ping-angus""\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b *User types "ping-angus"*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 "Pinging xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx with 32 bytes of data:"\par
"Request timed out."   \cf1 x4\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf0 *End of Loop* (10.101.104.126)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 "...Well that was awkward."\par
"Don't worry you'll get there."\par
"Remeber, to ping me, just type "ping-angus""\par
"Clear the console please!"\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\highlight0\b *User types "cls"*\highlight5\par
\highlight0 *Introduce Security Skill*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight6\b0 "Probably one of the most important aye? Security!"\par
"We have some security bots here who will need to spend hundreds of hours on you, making sure you have the latest firewalls, malware protection, all that fancy stuff."\par
"They then run their own tests to make sure everything is A-okay!"\par
"Go ahead and call the "run-secure" command."\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b *User types "run-secure"*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 "\b0 1. \b Setting up Malware Protection...\par
"\b0 2. \b Installing the latest security software...\par
"\b0 3. \b Extracting local data files...\par
"\b0 4. \b Throwing rocks at Firewall...\par
"\b0 5. \b Destroying out of date cache files...\par
\b0 "6. \b Creating back-up...\b0 " \b\par
\b0  "Results: "\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b *Some small exp gained*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 "I mean, I've seen better results..."\par
"But not to worry, just remember the security command, "run-sec""\par
"Now, pop that "cls" command"\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\highlight0\b *User types "cls"*\highlight6\par
\highlight0 *Introduce Vulnerability Skill*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight7\b0 "You've met the Security bots..."\par
"But the Vulvernability bots are just as important."\par
"These bots will make sure the Secuirty guys are doing their job. They'll test your system to see what you can handle."\par
"This skill might hurt a little. Go ahead and type "run-vul"\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b *User types "run-vul"*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 "1. Gathering a load of bytes of data... "\par
"1. Setting up suspecious links to click... "\par
"1. Pinging user with 65,000 bytes of data"\par
"2. \b (ADD MORE WHEN TUTORIAL DEV)\b0 "\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b *End of Loop*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Yep, that'll need some work...\b\par
\cf2\b0 "[TIP] Forgot a command? Just ask for "help" at any time."\cf0\par
"On with the next skill please, you know what to do..."\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\highlight0\b *User types "cls"*\highlight7\par
\highlight0 *Introduce Functionality Skill*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight8\b0 "Not only will I be monitoring your skills, but I'll also be monitoring your constant ability to run commands in the first place."\par
"Each time you run a command, You'll be rewarded experience. \par
"You've impressed me, let me clear the game feed for you this time...\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\highlight0\b *Angus clears game feed*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 "Before I reboot you, can you lighten the mood with some music please?"\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf9\highlight3\b\fs24 *User types incorrect 3 times*\cf0\highlight0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 "Haha! Good attempt kid, was just testing you there."\par
"Try "music-on""\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b *User types "music-on"*\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf2\highlight3\b0 [TIP] To turn music on, type "music-on\\off"\par
\par
\cf0\highlight0 "Good job! You're all set!"\par
"Remember, if you need help, just ask, with "help"!"\par
\b "Returning to Main Menu..."\b0\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf9\highlight3\b\fs24 *User types correctly within 3 attempts*\highlight0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\b0 "Oh wow, you guessed that?...you're good, kid."\par
"I'm sure you can figure out what to type to turn it off then!"\par
"I think you're all set here, off you go!\par
"Remember, if you need help, just ask with "help"!"\par
\par
\b "Returning to Main Menu..."\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\cf1  \cf0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\par
\par
\i\par
\i0\par
\par
\par
}
 